app/docs/getting-started/Introduction/Introduction.mdx, before:

import CopyCode from "~/components/CopyCode";
import Link from "next/link";
import {
  twConfig,
  twCss,
  reactCodeString,
  nextCodeString,
  twNpmInstall,
  keepNpmInstall,
  twConfigForNextJs,
  keepYarnInstall,
} from "./Code/Code.tsx";

## Table of Contents

## Vite React Application

After creating a React application with Vite, follow these steps to
install Keep React:

`Step 1:` Install Tailwind CSS

<CopyCode code={twNpmInstall} />

`Step 2:` Install Keep React:

<CopyCode code={keepNpmInstall} />

Or

<CopyCode code={keepYarnInstall} />

`Step 3:` Go to `tailwind.config.js` file and add the following two line code in `content` and `presets` array:

<CopyCode code={twConfig} />

`Step 4:` Add Tailwind CSS to index.css File:

<CopyCode code={twCss} />

Congratulations! You have completed the installation. Now you can import any component from `keep-react` and start using it in your project.

<CopyCode code={reactCodeString} />

## Next JS Application

You can easily integrate `keep-react` into your Next.js application. If you have already installed Tailwind CSS as part of the Next.js application setup, you can proceed with `Step 2`. Otherwise, start with `Step 1`.

After creating a Next JS application, follow these steps to
install Tailwind CSS:

`Step 1:` Install Tailwind CSS

<CopyCode code={twNpmInstall} />

`Step 2:` Install Keep React

<CopyCode code={keepNpmInstall} />

Or

<CopyCode code={keepYarnInstall} />

`Step 3:` Go to `tailwind.config.js` file and add the following two line code in `content` and `presets` array:

<CopyCode code={twConfigForNextJs} />

`Step 4:` Add Tailwind CSS to `globals.css` File:

<CopyCode code={twCss} />

Now you can import any component from `keep-react` and start using it in your NextJS project.

<CopyCode code={nextCodeString} />

Commit message:

Update: Installition documentation update (#27)
Installition documentation update

app/docs/getting-started/Introduction/Introduction.mdx, after:

import CopyCode from "~/components/CopyCode";
import Link from "next/link";
import {
  twConfig,
  twCss,
  reactCodeString,
  nextCodeString,
  twNpmInstall,
  keepNpmInstall,
  twConfigForNextJs,
  keepYarnInstall,viteReact,nextJsInstall,NextJsQnA
} from "./Code/Code.tsx";

## Table of Contents

## Vite React Application

Setting Up Keep React in Vite React Application

`Step 1:` Create a Vite React Application

<CopyCode code={viteReact} />

Replace `my-project` with your preferred project name.



`Step 2:` Install Tailwind CSS

<CopyCode code={twNpmInstall} />

`Step 3:` Install Keep React library

<CopyCode code={keepNpmInstall} />

Or

<CopyCode code={keepYarnInstall} />

`Step 4:` Configure Tailwind CSS

In your project's `tailwind.config.js` file, insert this code snippet:

<CopyCode code={twConfig} />

`Step 5:` Add Tailwind CSS to `index.css`

<CopyCode code={twCss} />

Congratulations! You've now successfully set up Keep React in your Vite React application. You can begin using components from `keep-react` in your project.

<CopyCode code={reactCodeString} />

## Next JS Application

You can easily integrate `keep-react` library into your Next.js application.

`Step 1:` Create a new NextJS application

<CopyCode code={nextJsInstall} />

Ensure that you select `tailwindcss` as a dependency for your application during the setup.

<NextJsQnA/>

`Step 2:` Install Keep React

<CopyCode code={keepNpmInstall} />

Or

<CopyCode code={keepYarnInstall} />

`Step 3:` Update `tailwind.config.js` for Next.js

In the `tailwind.config.js` file, insert the following code into the `content` and `presets` arrays

<CopyCode code={twConfigForNextJs} />

`Step 4:` Add Tailwind CSS to `globals.css` File:

<CopyCode code={twCss} />

Now you can import any component from `keep-react` and start using it in your NextJS project.

<CopyCode code={nextCodeString} />
